Based on official JFrog documentation.

Docker Installation
Please run the installJF.sh this will set up the working directory and will create system.yaml 
for you 
    
    ./installJF.sh

Customize the product configuration:
you can find config.yaml file where you can customize your repository configuration

Please Manage Artifactory using native Docker commands.

    docker ps
    

Access Artifactory from your browser at: http://SERVER_HOSTNAME:8082/ui/. 
    
    http://localhost:8082/ui/

Check Artifactory Log.

    docker logs -f artifactory

And finally you can update the repository configuration making the API call here:

    curl -uadmin:password -XPATCH "http://localhost:8081/artifactory/api/system/configuration" -H "Content-Type:application/yaml" -T config.yml            
    
    
Please NOTE! ```DEFAULT USER : admin    ```
```Default password: password```    

PLEASE ALSO NOTE ON THE FREE TRAIL YOU CAN CONFIGURE ONLY CONAN OR GENERIC REPOSITORIES

To access the remote/local repository:

    http://my-remote-site:8081/artifactory/api/docker/<repository key> -how do I know my repository key
    
To check configuration:

    curl -uadmin:password "http://localhost:8081/artifactory/api/system/configuration"
    
Re-setting the password for artifactory:
The file "bootstrap.creds" need to be placed under JFROG_HOME/artifactory/var/etc/access

    chmod 600 bootstrap.creds
             
restart artifactory instance.

Changing password:

    curl -XPATCH -uaccess-admin:password http://localhost:8040/access/api/v1/users/access-admin -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{ "password": "newStrongPassword" }'


Accessing and testing artifactiry:
IMPORTAINT: localhost:8082/artifactory is not valid !!!

~~~
Docker will only send basic HTTP authentication when working against an HTTPS host or when using the insecure registry flag
Artifactory offers solutions to these limitations allowing you to create and use any number of Docker registries.
~~~
Using a reverse proxy with Nginx
we  will use the subdomain method since it will require one time effort and recommended by official docu JFrog.

when Artifactory is up and running 
Copy the code snippet generated by the configuration generator into your artifactory-nginx.conf file, and place it in your /etc/nginx/sites-available directory.
Create the following symbolic link.

      sudo ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/artifactory-nginx.conf /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/artifactory-nginx.conf
 
To configure your Docker client, carry out the following steps 
Add the following to your DNS or to the client's /etc/hosts file:

    <ip-address> docker-virtual.art.local 

configure the Docker client to work with an insecure registry as described in the Docker documentation.



Restart your Docker daemon/engine to apply the insecure registry flag (if self-signed certificate is imported, you do not need to restart the Docker daemon/engine).

Test the Setup
To verify your reverse proxy is configured correctly, run the following command making sure that the return code is 200:

      curl -I -k -v https://<artifactory url>/api/system/ping

Run the following commands to ensure your proxy configuration is functional and can communicate with Artifactory:
Pull the "hello-world" image

docker pull hello-world
Login to repository docker-virtual

docker login docker-virtual.art.local
Tag the "hello-world" image

docker tag hello-world docker-virtual.art.local/hello-world
Push the tagged "hello-world" image to docker-virtual

docker push docker-virtual.art.local/hello-world  